Shri Mataji: And he is buying – he is just
buying Rolls Royce’s and he has got three
airplanes; I think, I don’t know.
I mean such a fraud and such a horrible gangster
he was!
And he talked through his hat.
I don’t know what he talked.
Nonsense!
I just wanted to test him and I saw him and
I wanted to know what is he up to and I found
out that he was a dirty man.
He was doing all dirty tricks with there – he
was like a homosexual.
Most of his disciples get Aids also because
he spoils their private parts and things like
that.
And in
my presence, I’m surprised about you, but
normally they faint and they just become like
stones in my presence, the disciples.
They can’t stand Me at all.
Once Yogi Mahajan told Me he wants to bring
three of them for my program.
I told him, “Don’t bring them”.
He won’t listen.
He brought them.
And I was sitting like this [in an armchair]
and at least two hundred feet away, in a big
Delhi program, you see, thousands coming.
He brought them, three of them.
And as soon as they looked at Me, they fainted
and they had become just like stones.
And nobody could lift them.
We didn’t know what to do.
And the program started very late because
they were actually, like, you see, you take
a stick with that, you see, they were thrown
out like that.
Otherwise, we did three sticks had to be pushed
on them, they seemed to be taken out like
a- you see, as you jack up the stone like
that.
And they were kept outside just like stones
outside and then they came to consciousness
later on and went away.
[Shri Mataji laughs]
How to say?
Jacked up like that!
Yes!
And
in his ashram, Yogi Mahajan wrote: “no Rajneesh
disciples allowed”.
So they got very angry.
And so, he said, “All right, come in, see,
look at this photograph”.
And they just fainted.
[Laughter]
And then, you see, they forget also what had
happened to them.
They just remember they saw the photograph
and they faint and they don’t know after
that anything.
And then they are thrown on the streets.
They just find them on the street.
What to do?
I mean, we just can’t do anything about
them.
Last September when I went there, they were
all going to Oregon, you see, so somewhere
– I mean – leftovers were there, all miserable
looking: on the wheelchair, all in a bad condition
were carried by people, by planes.
But now it is practically becoming absolutely
sort of localized, dying race there, all of
them are there, just this.
You see, in America we have all kinds of horrible
bhoots gone there.
And that’s why this new disease – what
you call that one?
Sahaja Yogini: Alzheimer disease.
Shri Mataji: Al?
Sahaja Yogini: Alzheimer.
Shri Mataji: Alzheimer disease.
It’s a new disease where people get insane
before the age of 40 years.
[Marie translates with difficulty the name]
That’s the discoverer.
So, after Aids, now this is coming in.
So, Americans are not going to be destroyed
by Russians but by diseases.
And Russians will be destroyed by- what you
call- parapsychology.
They’ll have no chance to use missiles.
That’s what it is.
They should take to Sahaja Yoga.
You don’t know what an important thing you
have got in your hand.
How great it is.
Why should you think of these dirty people,
useless, anti-God, anti-Christ?
Try
to save yourself.
A very few who are saved out of Rajnesh, I
must tell you, so be careful.
Beat yourself with shoes and him and yourself.
It’s a dying race now.
Most of the gurus are finished now practically,
about, nearly, thanks to Sahaja Yoga.
But how many are going to be saved out of
them?
I don’t know, because they’re so much
mesmerized.
So, we have to talk vehemently about them,
denouncing them that, “What had happened
to me when I was with him.
This has happened, that has happened”.
You must write it down and give a full account
of what he did to you, how
you were exhausted.
And how Sahaja Yoga has saved you, you see,
write letters.
It will come very handy, you see, it will
come very handy.
All those who have been to some groups like
that should write a letter how Sahaja Yoga
has saved them.
The sooner the better.
All right.
Now I’ll take your leave and again tomorrow
we have a program and a conference.
I hope everything goes well with it.
So, will you keep that material here with
you in this place?
Alexandre: This material that you bought today?
Well, we can keep it here, yes.
But they’re leaving by plane so we’ll
drive them to the airport.
Shri Mataji: No, no, no, you see, what I’m
saying that some material I have to take to
India, I’ll leave it with you, we don’t
want it just now.
Alexandre: All right, as you like Mother.
Shri Mataji: All right?
Alexandre: All right, no problem, we’ll
take care of it.
Shri Mataji: All right.
Give it to them, somebody be responsible
Alexandre: [In French: Martine, can you give
me the fabric]
Shri Mataji: Martine.
Alexandre: [In French: What Shri Mataji has
chosen, we’ll keep it today.]
Martine: Which one?
Sorry.
Marie: [In French: The cotton one, the heaviest
roll.]
Shri Mataji, aside: Only the- [Name] you know,
you go with her.
The nine-ten yards’ one.
The one that [inaudible] that one.
And the two black ones.
One is four yards and another is three yards.
Sahaja Yogi: Shri Mataji, maybe we can give
to some journalists a little bit later, the
French edition of the Advent?
Shri Mataji: I beg your pardon?
Michel C.: Perhaps, we don’t know, perhaps
it is possible to have the French issue of
the Advent.
Perhaps tomorrow in the morning.
Should we give it to the journalists if we
can have those issues?
Shri Mataji: Not so soon.
Sahaja Yogi: Not so soon.
Shri Mataji: You should have an official release
of it and we should call Ambav for that release.
Sahaja Yogi: All right.
Shri Mataji: You see, next time when I come
here [in June].
They should be invited; people should be invited
for the release of the book.
We should invite all the dignitaries and all
that and Mr.
Ambav to preside it.
Make it a big issue out of this.
And also call the Doodoo D.N for that.
Sahaja Yogi: Also?
Shri Mataji: Also, Doodoo D.N from America.
Sahaja Yogi: Ah.
Shri Mataji: I will tell him also.
So, fix a date, say Friday, Saturday.
Sunday we’ll have puja in the morning.
Sunday night we can have this program here
in Paris.
Michel C.: The 13th.
Shri Mataji: That could be.
Or we could have it earlier one day.
Like we are having Thursday-Friday program.
So, we can have it on – say – Tuesday.
Tuesday I won’t be here?
Michel C.: Tuesday, no, Shri Mataji.
Wednesday and Thursday
Shri Mataji: No, no.
Thursday and Friday.
No, no.
Wednesday and Thursday.
Wednesday and Thursday, we’ll have programs.
So, we can have on Tuesday this opening.
Tuesday is a good day.
This opening we can have earlier.
So, we can ask them, all these people can
to our program later on.
Make it a big show out of it, you see.
For this book Advent we should have a big
program we should call Ambav to be there.
And you can also give him the tape of Dr Navin
Singh from India, for him to listen to it,
you see, to listen to it.
And then we should get Doodoo D.N.
Ambav [name unsure] for these things and he
should invite other people, you see, for the
book to be released.
Because English book was released by the Ambassador
of – no, by High Commissioner Mr Singh,
from I.P.
Singh, I.P.
Singh from England.
He released the book.
So, this second, this French should be released
by Ambav.
I think that’s a good idea.
So, first, you’ll build up with him all
these things and then he can be called to
release the book.
And then you get all the dignitaries that
day, invite them.
So, what will happen, that next day when we
have the program, Wednesday and Thursday,
we can have them there.
So, I can come on Tuesday [in June].
What will be the date on Tuesday?
Alexandre: On Tuesday it will be the- [In
French: Let’s see, Friday is 28, Thursday
is 27.]
Martine: [In French: 25.]
Michel: Twenty-five.
25th.
[Shri Mataji checks her schedule.]
Shri Mataji: You see, we’ll have to cancel
Spain then.
The 25th you said, isn’t it?
It was Spain and France.
Or then we’ll have to do Spain earlier.
Can I have a pen?
We can do Spain earlier, so, we could have
it on the 22d and 23d, 24th, you see.
And this is 25th?
All right, we can have it 21rst.
We can start 21rst, let us say, because I’ll
want these days either here.
So, this is from the 25th onwards, starting
from the 25th..
– 21rst, 22d, 23d; yes, three.
And 25th to ?
Michel C.: 30th because it is the Sunday of
the puja.
Shri Mataji: 30th.
All right?
So, you fix up 25th as the day for the opening
of the –
Michel C.: On the Tuesday so, the first day
of Your [in June]…
Shri Mataji: Opening, yes.
The opening of Grégoire’s book we can say.
All right.
That’s it.
Sahaja Yogi: The presence of Grégoire will
be necessary?
Shri Mataji: He will be there.
Then Holland is 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
All right?
Then I’ll go to India [unsure]
Alexandre: Mother the book is supposed to
be distributed from the 15th of May.
Michel C.: Shri Mataji, the book is supposed
to-
Shri Mataji: What is it?
Michel C.: Be printed in two weeks and …
Shri Mataji: Now, what is it?
Michel C.: In the books shop son the fifteen
of May.
Shri Mataji: No, you can’t do that.
What is the hurry?
Michel C.: Because as soon as the book is
printed, they give it to the bookshops.
Shri Mataji: No, you tell him that, we want
to do this, it will help you.
You see, there is no harm.
You tell them that it’s all right.
You just tell them that, “If you wait, you
see, then it will work out “.
Michel C.: All right.
Shri Mataji: Try to tell them.
[To the two Sahaja Yogis] Now, what I will
say, now one thing, that all of you being
right-sided, you’ll always think of problems.
Now don’t think of problems, that’s a
very bad habit.
And the all-alternate problems you will think
of, is another very, very bad habit, “This
will happen, that will”.
Nothing will happen!
You just see that how you do it.
All right?
Spontaneously.
Nobody should think of problems otherwise
your Agnya will go off, so badly off, that
you won’t know what you are doing.
Just don’t think of any problems, anything
at all.
When the problem’s coming you just give
it a bandhan, that’s all.
And they’ll be neutralized.
Let them come before you.
Before they come, if you think they’ll become
solid because they are coming from a Yogi’s
mind.
Alright?
If they do not come from your mind, nobody’s
mind is stronger than yours.
You must understand this.
So, don’t have any problem, no problem.
Now you said it, all right, I’ll do it I
said.
I never said, “This is the problem, this
is that, this could be, I may be” Nothing,
I just changed over.
And you must be prepared to change accordingly.
Now, see, I’ll tell you.
First time, we decided to have our program
in Switzerland.
9th, 10th, 11th, 12th, 13th, 14th, 15th, 16th.
Now, what happened, they said in Switzerland
to have a program in November would be better,
after September.
Because according to Grégoire, he said, “I’ll
be there settled down, we’ll do it well”.
So, I said, “All right”.
So now we changed it over.
So, I said, “When do we have Switzerland
then?”
“Later on”.
So, just now no problem.
Then we saw – they told Me that they would
like Me to go to Tunisia.
And in Tunisia, then they told Me – facing
the problem as it comes too – there is Ramadan.
So, I said, “Change it over, make it Italy
during that time”.
And this Italy thinks that we go to Tunisia.
So, I told- what’s his name?
– Antonio- now he is an Italian.
I told him that, “See Italy is like this,
have they booked halls there?”
He said, “Yes, they have.
But no problem, no problem”.
Italians will always say, “No problem”,
always, I’ve seen, “No problem, we can
have
it there”.
Finished.
Warren used to do that and then he got very
sick, you see.
And
he said.
No, he said, “This cannot be done because
there is a problem on this day, I’ll be
there, this, that”.
And that day he was
in the hospital.
[Laughter]
And
we managed the show without him.
Then, then he never said it.
This problem is a modern word.
Modern word.
It didn’t exist.
If you read Maupassant you won’t find this
word, problem.
This is all very modern problem.
Because, you see, this has become- [showing
Her Agnya] all the time seeking for problems,
mind has become like that.
Immediately we think of a problem.
I’ll tell you one point I’ve seen.
I’ve studied it.
With Warren, I studied it very well because
I tell him something immediately, he comes
out: “This is the problem”.
No, never he said: “All right”.
Always, “But with this, this is the problem”.
That’s spontaneous.
I don’t blame anyone, it’s a spontaneous
thing with your minds, you are always.
You may do the same, anybody may do the same.
Marie: Definitely.
[Laughter]
Shri Mataji: Yes, it’s true.
I am the only person who is giving solutions
while others are all the time giving Me problems.
But not in India.
Like, I’ll tell you a very good example.
One day, you see, my husband takes one particular
type of tea called Prestige.
[Laughter]
And that’s the only addiction he has, so
I don’t mind, it’s not much.
So, I told him that you will get some tea
for yourself and he forgot and it was a Saturday.
And
then Sunday I told him, “Now we have no
tea because, how about?
You won’t take any other tea.
So, what to do?”
But we have to go to the reception.
On our way back, we’ll go to the shop and
get the tea.
So, he said, “What nonsense, it’s a Sunday,
how can you go to the shop and that too about
eight o’clock in the night?
How will you get the tea?
What nonsense!”
But this problem was correct, I mean, this
was so, that was the fact for all practical
purposes.
[Aside, Little open it, I think.
Yes.]
But not for Adi Shakti.
So, we went to the reception and I told the
driver that we have to
go to this “Tea center” on our way back.
So, my husband said, “You are crazy!”
[Laughter]
But my driver has faith in Me, I think, he
took us there without giving any problem,
without saying anything, he just took Me down.
And to our amazement the shop was open and
lights were on.
To my amazement!
[Laughter]
Marie: You are very faithful to your husband.
Shri Mataji: Yes, so,
And so, we went in.
And they were all, were saying, “Oh, we
have been waiting for you.
We were thinking you’ve forgotten about
our invitation.
Why didn’t you come?
What’s the problem?”
C.P.
started looking this side.
[Laughter]
Actually, he was invited to an opening ceremony
there, something.
There was going to be a ceremony, something
for him.
And that invitation card he had forgotten
in the office and he had forgotten about the
invitation also.
So, they gave us two tins each as presents
of Prestige Tea.
[Laughter]
My husband said, “Really, I can’t believe
it!”
[Laughter]
It is like that.
All right?
So, have faith.
Have faith.
All the Gods, all the angels, all the deities,
Ritambhara PrAgnya, all are working out Sahaja
Yoga.
We are not working it out.
We are just instruments.
But they watch you very clearly.
So, just go ahead straightforward, everything
will work out.
[Shri Mataji takes a flower]
“Tout droit” [straightforward], that’s
it.
Al right, “Tout droit”.
Oh, I got four hundred pounds with that word
“tout droit”.
I’ll tell you what.
[Laughter]
I had learned one word, “tout droit”,
you see.
“Tout droit” I had learned the word here.
My husband is supposed to have learned French,
for the last, I think, forty years he is learning
French, so-called.
“Tout droit, tout droit”.
So, he says- we came here, both of us and
– [to Marie] you remember my husband and
myself were left alone in that hotel?
Because he came here for a day.
So, we said, “We will stay together for
one day there in the hotel”.
It was a Sunday.
And that was a Sunday and the dinner was not
served in the hotel.
So, we had to go out and we- he didn’t know
anything of Paris and I also didn’t know
much.
And the
taxi fellow came in, because they had [called
a taxi ?] went in the taxi and the taxi fellow
dropped us at some place, you see, very funny,
you see, Wimpy [fast-food] sort of a bad place
for dinner.
Sahaja Yogi: V.I.P.
Shri Mataji: Yes, something.
And then we got in another taxi.
You see, this fellow understood that we don’t
understand French and we don’t know Paris.
So, my husband was telling him, “Left, right”
and all that?
So, I said: “You should say for ‘straight
through’, you have to say ‘tout droit’”.
[while Marie translates] To right…
No, no, for the right you say “à droite”.
[Laughter]
So, I said: “No, ‘tout droit’ means
straight drive through”.
So, he said: “No, it’s not so”.
I said: “I tell you it is so”.
He said, “All right.
Four hundred pounds, it’s not so”."
[Laughter]
It’s like the fellow understood ‘tout
droit’ is like ‘straight drive through’
to them.
And then he found out that it was correct.
He has not yet paid Me.
[Laughter]
Then another thing I said: “There is no
word for ‘awareness in French”.
He said: “No, there is”.
I said, “What?
” He said: “Conscience”.
I said: “‘Conscience’ is not, it’s
conscious.
But there’s nothing for awareness in French”.
So, he said, “There is.
There must be”.
I said, “There isn’t”.
So, then he asked his – you see, he has
many French people with him.
They said, “There is no word in French,
you see”.
So, he lost again four hundred pounds which
he has not given Me.
[Laughter]
All right!
French Yogi: You are very ‘adroite’.
[‘adroite’ means deft, skillful but ‘à
droite’ means ‘to the right.
]
Shri Mataji: You see, he knew two words.
He knew ‘droite’ and he knew also the
other one ‘gauche’, you see.
But he didn’t know what I was telling him.
So, you see, ‘right through’, in that
also there is ‘right’, ‘right through’,
you see.
So, he said, “No, I’m saying ‘right’”.
Sahaja Yogi: But we have a third sense, you
have ‘adroite’.
[In French: how to say it?]
‘Clever’ means also – in one word it
means ‘adroite’.
Marie: Deft, deftness.
To be deft is ‘adroite’, ‘être adroite’.
In one word.
Shri Mataji: Adroite!
Marie: And inversely to be ‘gauche’ in
French means ‘not to be deft’ with your
hands.
Shri Mataji: Like left-sided and right-sided.
It means that.
That means you knew about it.
Right sided are over-efficient and the left-sided
are over-emotional.
All right.
May God bless you.
May God bless you all.
Judie are you comfortable here?
Sahaja Yogini: Very much Mother.
Shri Mataji: And Anya [?] is she comfortable?
Other Sahaja Yogini: I’m here Mother.
Shri Mataji: Yes, and the baby, yes?
Other Sahaja Yogini: Very good, Mother.
Shri Mataji: All right.
Enjoy yourself.
Tomorrow they are going to – today they
arranged something for you to go out?
Judie: We did today.
Shri Mataji: You did it.
Tomorrow also, if you want, you can do it,
if you want to go somewhere.
All right?
May God bless you.
How are you Aïcha?
Are you all right?
Good.
Let’s go.
How is Françoise, your mother-in-law?
She’s all right?
All right, she’s now married and very happy.
A very good husband.
A very nice house he has.
He’s got
a big job now.
Bye, bye, for the time being.